hey it's rich lie here at engadget
expand 2013 and i'm here with gal Sasson
and yeah what do you have here what I
see there's a little see ya so this is
make a play it's a toy toy design for
children around age six and up and it's
basically a platform that contains a
stage a puppet stage which is connected
to this controller so the controller is
can control the movement of the puppets
the lighting yeah like that the lighting
it can can turn off and turn on the
lights and you have different colors of
the lighting and also each card kit
contains the special circuitry that can
be also controlled from the controller
so if you curse a here you can see that
the LED is lighting up so basically this
story was designed to encourage
different creative skills in children
like storytelling like hand hand crafts
it makes them make use of their own
environment so they can they can collect
all kinds of things from their home from
the in kitchen and put it on the cards
and play with it make make their own
story and that's it basically so what
you're basically what you're offering is
a platform yeah the children can add
their own custom yeah exactly ratios
even a wallpaper yeah exactly the boards
okay and what's actually powering this
so how did you make this so the the main
brain of this thing is Arduino
and basically that's it Arduino
connected to a computer after you make
your own story you can also record that
story share with friends that has the
same device and you can play it back
over and over so what are your plans of
this product are you going to launch it
on maybe Kickstarter something like that
and do you have a roadmap time yes so
currently i'm i'm i'm not exactly sure
how to launch it i'm thinking about
crowdfunding about because i think this
way i can really control the end result
of this product so so quite early stages
right now yeah yeah yeah I like I'm uh
I'm signed to like what's happening here
in it yes you can play yeah hi Mary
everyone copies Redfern ah uh yeah good
boy good so yeah I'm liking was that
while you're what you're showing off
here so um yeah looking forward to to
see more from me ok thank you thank you